Mr. Li Yingniao Xu deserves his name
Thank you Mr. Li for your approval.
I admit it's not how good Xu is
It's all set off by peers
Xu Yaoyu has always been arrogant
With the support of Lord Li, is this still okay?
To the book we worked so hard to prepare
In the end, it turned out to be reading with the prince
Did you win the bidding?
Mr. Li, you didn't even read these tenders
They eliminated us.
Examine which aspect of the group is inferior to Xu Yaoyu
Why give them the answer?
Can you say less?
Lord Li is Xu Yaoyu's godfather
It's his godfather, not my father
I'm going to make an argument today.
Why?
Hahaha, why?
I'll tell you what.
Just because I am the third-rank deputy governor
A word can make Jiangdong prosperous
One word can control life and death
shady shady
Shady, you will be punished sooner or later
Lin Fan, let's go
Need to join forces with Governor Panff
We have no place in Jiangdong. Let's go
I want to replace you and the whole Jiangdong today
Rebuild the sky
Ren Zhengtian
This Li Gang is a single tree under your command
use influence for personal gain
Grass rape
This is what you call the prosperous Jiangdong
This happened
Lord, I am here in Jiangdong to check the position
Investigation Department Supervisor
Wait until you pass
Lin Fan poured it
The winning bid has been cleared for me
I see who still makes sense
Yes, I do.